starter-kit: update to new onboarding steps (#208)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/create-integration.md

1. Click the **Download All** button in the top-right corner.

>    The `<Workspace-name>.json` file downloads automatically. In this example, the file is named `977AmethystGazelle-1340225-Stage.json`. Make sure to rename the file to `workspace.json` and save it in the `scripts/onboarding/config/workspace.json` directory of the starter kit.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `<Workspace-name>.json` file downloads automatically. In this example, the file is named `977AmethystGazelle-1340225-Stage.json`. Rename the file `workspace.json` and save it in the `scripts/onboarding/config/` directory of the starter kit.  
```

If you are running Adobe Commerce 2.4.6 or higher, the modules that enable eventing are installed automatically. Skip to the next step. If you are running Commerce 2.4.4 or 2.4.5, you must install modules to enable eventing, as described in [Install Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce](../events/installation.md).

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

> By using an Adobe I/O Events for Commerce module version equal or greater to 1.6.0 you will benefit from some additional automated steps during the onboarding process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Adobe I/O Events for Commerce `1.6.0` or later provides some additional automated steps during the onboarding process.
```

@rojoangel Are these additional steps beneficial? Are we informing users of these additional steps for awareness purposes, or is there another reason?

Author: > Are these additional steps beneficial? 
They'll save some manual work: Commerce configuration will be done automatically for them. Is being more specific about the benefits worth it?

Reviewer: @rojoangel i've updated my suggested change above, i think it sets expectations more clearly.

**Execute the onboarding**

Run the following command to generate the IO Event providers and the registrations for your starter kit project.

> If your Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce module version is 1.6.0 or greater, it will also be automatically configured by the onboarding script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

IO Event providers and registratiosn will be configured automatically if you are using 
Adobe I/O Events version is `1.6.0` or later.
```

**Complete the Adobe Commerce eventing configuration**

> 
> <InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>
> 
> If your Commerce instance Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce module version is 1.6.0 or greater and the onboarding script completed successfully, the following steps are not required. The onboarding script will configure the Adobe Commerce instance automatically.
> Skip to the next section, or follow the steps in the next section to validate that the configuration is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>

The following steps are not required when using Adobe I/O Events version `1.6.0` or later. The onboarding script will configure the Adobe Commerce instance automatically.

Proceed to the next section, or continue following the steps in this section to validate that the configuration is correct.
```

**Subscribe to events in Adobe Commerce**

> 
> <InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text"/>
> 
> If your Commerce instance Adobe I/O Events for Adobe Commerce module version is 1.6.0 or greater, run the commerce-event-subscribe script to automatically subscribe to the Commerce events in `scripts/commerce-event-subscribe/config/commerce-event-subscribe.json`
> 
> ```bash
> npm run commerce-event-subscribe
> ```
> 
> Otherwise, follow the steps below to subscribe to the events manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    To automatically subscribe to Commerce events using Adobe I/O Events version `1.6.0` or later, run the `commerce-event-subscribe` script in the `scripts/commerce-event-subscribe/config/` directory.

    ```bash
    npm run commerce-event-subscribe
    ```

    For earlier versions, follow the steps below to subscribe to the events manually.
```
